# Trust me a Bit
_tl;dr: Support Reporters and Writers anonymously with Bitcoins_
#### Introduction
The major feature of Trust me a Bit (TMAB) is to fund Reporters and Writers anonymously with Bitcoins. The aim is to encourage and promote journalists to engage in quality and investigative journalism, with the added option of being rewarded with Bitcoin fundings from its (_cough_ generous _cough_) readers through TMAB.

#### Features
- Deposit Bitcoins securely into your unique Bitcoin wallet on TMAB.
- Support writers and reporters with your deposited fundings, with the option of real **anonymity** (untracable).
- Include your TMAB account link onto your social media accounts in order to allow TMAB users to fund you.
- The visual funding button is in a currency the user chooses, or custom fundings (example: a coffee - which translates to roughly BTC 0.01)
- Cashout your Bitcoins immediately

#### Reasonings
At current, anyone in the world can call themselves a writer and some actually produces good writings. The value of such writings is hard to measure, because generally they are available on the internet for free (social media), or are protected by Paywalls (newspaper websites).

To continue encouraging as well as support good writing, TMAB allows the transfer of Bitcoins from **readers** to **writers**, through a simple one-click url link they can include in their social media profiles, or a button embedded to their personal websites or blogs.

The url/button is a link to a unique Bitcoin wallet generated by TMAB, in which you can deposit, transfer, and cashout immediately to other wallets.

#### Details
- **Trust me a Bit** is aware it is centralizing a decentralized currency through its webapp.
- **Trust me a Bit** will operate with a wallet purchased from Coinbase (a secure and reputable site to store Bitcoins) to generate unique wallet addresses to its users.
